gene_name	gene_notes
C5orf63	
CHGB	"chromogranin b, integral to of catecholamine vesicles formation. Kd depletes vesicle pool/oe increases it https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC3992281/"
C3	
CD74	mhc ii invariant chain
ACTR10	genecards: predicted to be involved in anterograde transport of neuronal mitochondria
FAM131A	
PRCP	"lysosomal prolylcarboxypeptidase. This enzyme cleaves C-terminal amino acids linked to proline in peptides such as angiotension II, III and des-Arg9-bradykinin."
LANCL1	glutathione s transferase
PNMA3	"paraneoplastic antigen MA, shares homology with retroviral Gag protein, brain is the main tissue"
DNM3	dynamin (vesicular transport)
RUSC2	"hi brain xpr, possible RAB interactions and vesicle transport fxn https://omim.org/entry/611053"
GPAA1	putatively facilitates GPI anchoring bond formation for membrane inserted proteins
HSPH1	heat shock
AQP1	
ALKBH7	rna demethylase w role in mitochondrial regulation https://www.nature.com/articles/s41556-021-00709-7
FKBP2	ER chaperone/folding assistant; induced by protein misfolding stress
DNAJC12	
WDTC1	"adipogenesis inhibitor, e3 ligase complex component."
PPFIA4	"PTPRF interactor inferred involvement in neurotransmission, esp via excit neurons; monogenic ndd/epilepsy?"
GPM6A	"uniprot: Involved in neuronal differentiation, including differentiation and migration of neuronal stem cells. Plays a role in neuronal plasticity and is involved in neurite and filopodia outgrowth, filopodia motility and probably synapse formation; possibly hipoocampal bias (hellooo lc erc). Also https://www.creative-biolabs.com/gpm6a-membrane-protein-introduction.html"
UNC119	
CD99	
ESYT2	tethers ER to membrane; involvement in FGF signaling; ca2+ channel opening in t cells
PCMT1	The encoded enzyme plays a role in protein repair by recognizing and converting D-aspartyl and L-isoaspartyl residues resulting from spontaneous deamidation back to the normal L-aspartyl form. The encoded protein may play a protective role in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease.
NME1	"melanoma, PD associated; necessary for gdf5 stimulation of dopaminergic, sy5y neurite outgrowth https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2589004220306490"
TCP1	"forms chaperone folding-assistant complex that helps fold actin, tubulin!! https://www.genecards.org/cgi-bin/carddisp.pl?gene=TCP1"
SCN3A	sodium channel
ACOT7	"acetyl coa thioesterase (lipid metab), neuron hi xpr"
NLRP1	
BSG	
LZTS3	"uniprot May be involved in promoting the maturation of dendritic spines, probably via regulating SIPA1L1 levels at the postsynaptic density of synapses"
RIT2	"ntrk signal transduction, modulates POU4F1's transcriptional upregulatory action"
ATN1	repeat expansion associated ndd; synthetic polyq expansion induces autophagy and neurodegen
MAGEH1	"ncbi  encoded protein is likely associated with apoptosis, cell cycle arrest, growth inhibition or cell differentiation. The protein may be involved in the atRA (all-trans retinoic acid) signaling through the STAT1-alpha pathway"
NSG1	neuron specific gene 1; vesicle trafficking amd endosomal recycling of neurotransmitter receps including gria2
HSPA1A	heatshock
ARHGEF11	
RASD1	"dex, prolactin induced ras gene"
ADGRB1	aka BAI1; brain specificish angiogenesis inhibitor induced by p53
MFGE8	phagocytic cell receptor that binds apoptotic cells
SLC10A4	"vesicular amine transporter; kd results in reduced ne, da, ach, 5ht vesicular loading; exclusively found on vmat2+ vesicles (ie aminergic transmitter vesiclss)"
KIF1C	a kinesin (microtubule-riding transport) in golgi to er retrograde transport and vesicular transport
COTL1	"binds f actin without affecting polymerization, interacts with lipoxygenase a (first enzymatic step in leukotriene synth)"
PPP1R15A	cell stress/dna damage induced member of integrated stress response pathway. Causes g2 arrest. Primarily comes up in the context of immune cells
NNAT	"neuronatin; in brain dev expressed by neurons and opens calcium channels to facilitate neuronal fate commitment. Uniprot: May participate in the maintenance of segment identity in the hindbrain and pituitary development, and maturation or maintenance of the overall structure of the nervous system. Imprinted - only paternal copy is expressed."
NEFM	
SPTBN2	
LIPA	
IL34	
FGFR3	
EDEM3	
TFRC	
C1QTNF4	
IFI27	
B3GAT2	
RND2	
NACC2	"uniprot Functions as a transcriptional repressor through its association with the NuRD complex. [cite: 2] Recruits the NuRD complex to the promoter of MDM2, leading to the repression of MDM2 transcription and subsequent stability of p53/TP53"
AGPAT4	
PCDH7	
PLPP3	uniprot Magnesium-independent phospholipid phosphatase of the plasma membrane that catalyzes the dephosphorylation of a variety of glycerolipid and sphingolipid phosphate esters. [cite: 3] Performs this activity both on extracellular lipids and intracellular lipids. [cite: 3] Also involved in phopholipase D signaling.
PCSK1	
GLUD1	catabolizes glutamate to alphaketoglutarate and ammonia. [cite: 5] Mitochondria localized.
CPNE3	
SLC6A11	gaba reuptake transporter
CST3	
SLC1A3	
MLC1	
TMSB10	
NSMF	
ABCG2	
ZNF24	
LINC0844	
PON2	
NTSR2	
AGT	angiotensinogen
TSC22D4	
CNR1	cannabinoid receptor 1
GABRG1	
ETNPPL	vit b6 dependent degradation of phosphoethanolamine (membrane lipid polar head group) to ammonia + Pi + acetalehyde
EFEMP1	
TRIL	putatively modulates activity of tlr4--shown in one paper in an astrocyte line and indirectly w lps challenge in ko mice in hypothal
EDNRB	involved in neural crest (which gives rise to peripheral autonomic ganglia and melanocytes--ie found in lc cousin cell types) migration in development
ADD3	"brain-restricted adducin, involved in spectrin-actin cytoskeletal remodeling and actin capping"
PDRX6	a peroxiredoxin (reduces lipid peroxides with GSH to prevent oxidative damage)
SDC2	
FUT9	involved in the synthesis of lewis x antigen (an oligosaccharide) in brain
ACER3	"ncbi: Enables N-acylsphingosine amidohydrolase activity; calcium ion binding activity; and zinc ion binding activity. [cite: 7] Involved in several processes, including myelination; positive regulation of cell population proliferation; and sphingolipid metabolic process. Located in Golgi membrane and endoplasmic reticulum membrane."
DHCR24	